Add spark connect limitation on streaming (#763)
spiceai/docs: website/docs/components/data-connectors/databricks.md

 Memory limitations can be mitigated by storing acceleration data on disk, which is supported by [`duckdb`](../data-accelerators/duckdb.md) and [`sqlite`](../data-accelerators/sqlite.md) accelerators by specifying `mode: file`.

> - Databricks connector (mode: spark_connect) does not support streaming data when reading / performing queries from the connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Databricks Catalog Connector (`mode: spark_connect`) does not yet support streaming query results from Spark.
```
